Research Question:  Does the use of three guest speakers (scientists) do any of the following...

	1. affect change in students' knowledge of scientists that they can relate to
	2. affect positive change in students' knowledge of scientists that they can relate to
		-positive change as in an increase in scale value (1 - 5, 1 disagree, 5 agree)
	3. affect negative change in students' knowledge of scientists that they can relate to

Data Collection:

	1. Survey released in week 2 of lectures 1 and 8
		-see survey questions
	2. Three guest speakers (professional scientists) present to each lecture
		-these speakers present after the first survey is collected
	3. Survey released in week 14 of lectures 1 and 8
		-this survey is collected after the three speakers present
		-this survey contains the same exact questions as the week 2 survey

Survey questions:
	1. Based on what you know now, describe the types of people that do science. If possible,
	refer to specific scientists and what they tell you about the types of people that do
	science.
	2. I know of one (or more) important scientist(s) to whom I can personally relate
		-this is likert question
		-nominal scale if using question 1
		-ordinal scale if using questions 2 or 3
	3. Please explain your opinion of the statement
		-referring to the likert question response

Likert-Type
note: Because the survey only contains one likert item, this is possibly likert-type. This means
there is no attempt to combine multiple responses from the items into a composite scale (examples would 
include non-related questions).  However, there may be some attempt to combine the before and after
responses, as these are both the same survey and same participants. This could tend an argument for
this study to be from a likert scale. This study only analyzes a single likert question twice, and a likert
scale would require four or more likert-type items. 
	-make sure to reach out about applicable tests for statistical analysis

Likert analysis

Nominal data is suspicion but (source) says all likert-type is treated as ordinal

Likert-type is Ordinal data
mode, median, frequency tests for variability
chi-square measure of association
kendall tau b
kendall tau c

if likert-scale, then use the following
mean for central tendency and sd for variability
pearson's r
t-test
ANOVA
regression procedures
(suspicion is that likert-scale is not applicable)

Text analysis
	1. sentiment analysis
	2. kmeans clustering?
		-group by likert responses?
	3. pca? (didn't seem to yield useful info)
